I believe I've already done that.
For it's run me to do it again, I'll be glad to.
I will ask you to.
Sure.
Turn your hands, and just with the weather's changing,
then, the title of the number and the number and the number of feet.
The record will not be written by the text of all numbers,
that direction will come.
There are no letters, there are no letters.
I know the title of the number and the number and the number and the number of warnings
on the show.
Whatever the file is,
it's fully attended.
That was the chair of the committee.
You want me to go over the table by paper?
Just a note, just a minute.
The first document is a...
I suppose I put the number one on it.
It is a graph of the one of the points of America internally.
Reports.
The second...
...and this...
...it is part of the first report.
It's time to cut.
To get the record straight.
I have no desire to have all these documents printed in the case.
I'm not sure, but I did have in mind,
and I said that it's...
...you understand,
that they will be filed as exhibits to show that Mrs. Pesky and the hand
have come to the committee for a paper.
Whatever the...
...that's also a...
...possibly just a million.
I'd have had a flat.
The second, which is a type in...
...type either with green ink or a draft...
...of the record on information centers.
The third is a draft of the report on...
...a title-faker, West Faker East.
It's actually a report on the engineering projects of the Voice of America,
which was prepared by the research director of the committee,
in which was rejected by Senator McCawdell,
and subsequently re-done and substantial thought by Mr. Shine.
The fourth thing here is a plot of a...
...one of the final drafts of the annual report of the Subcommittee...
...worked over by Mr. Shine,
end of December, beginning of January.
Well, then, a fix and very note made by him.
The yellow papers at the end of the folder are...
...an outline of the report on the information program...
...and my writing, which was prepared by Mr. Shine and myself.
In addition to this, Mr. Florida, I...
...disgrace to the faculty subcommittee.
There are other matters prepared by Mr. Shine, dealing with...
...and others on the basis of information from Mr. Shine,
dealing with confidential informants and information obtained from that.
And there is a witness list,
like the eyes prepared by him, which has not been supplied.
Senator, would you please leave that on the air?
Yes, sir.
One or two questions.
Mr. Coleman was quite the shiny, quite time employee of the Subcommittee.
Yes, sir. When he came with the Subcommittee,
it was on a part-time basis all while they were afraid at the time...
...when he gave more than full time.
And what?
How old you used to be?
Who was that?
No.
I had some of my special effects.
Did anyone else assume the beauty of the key?
It was done as best in the list.
Consumption?
I think it remained as present in General Manager,
but I think other people in this organization did assume...
...the various responsibilities which he could not tell,
because at the time he was giving to the Subcommittee.
At the time, he was conducted in the Army,
wasn't still performing in the list concerned about what he was supposed to be.
I suppose I was.
You're on your way.
You may have never had an understanding of human feelings out there.
I'll give you.
Give him so you can look him into.
I really don't know, Mr. Coleman.
I told me so at the time, I don't care if I didn't give much time.
Did you tell us the purpose of this date?
I'm with the time he delivered to a private business.
When the unit you had to know them were three...
...was 1953, five months ago.
You have no idea?
I don't have any accurate ideas.
That's all I know.
I'm a Smith Army knee-pickage, I can't.
Unless the colonel, I have the entire file,
but only a vehicle, sure, you have just a number five.
That's the last time I get here.
And these are the documents that you have submitted to the committee.
As the work of private China and Mr. Shion,
from Hogan, the third, until he terminated the services with the committee.
No, sir, not exactly.
The main thing would be printed three interim reports
in certain sections of the annual report to the board.
No, sir, but he wrote the part to the report.
Well, these are parts of that report.
Yes, I think we did not keep the drafts in the post-end,
but both lose the product with those words.
That is a very small part of the product.
All right.
This is yours.
So now, my machine and I made up together,
is in my right hand.
And you, right?
Yes, sir.
So I've said from that, the rest of the day,
through Dr. Mr. Cohen, Mr. Shion,
please pardon me.
No, get out of here.
No, sir, it's not Senator.
So who gave this to Mr. Shion?
There's one, as I indicated a few minutes ago,
Senator McClellan, there was one draft in there
of the Baker East people, which was prepared by Mr. Carl Foss,
by Mr. Foss, by Mr. Foss.
He told by Senator Melda,
I'm going to get out of there and get Dr. Shion,
and then I'll get the rest of the day, Mr. Shion.
Uh-huh.
I think you have, as far as from that party,
I have too much data.
I have too much.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to take out, sir.
All right.
No, I don't have it about that.
I'm afraid you've picked out the wrong things.
No, I don't think I have the right thing if you let me do it.
It starts with a Baker West.
No, Baker West Baker East.
On that part.
Baker West, maybe, sir.
And take that out.
Yes, sir.
This is the product of this work.
Yes, he did those things.
You have in your hand, I believe.
That's the product of these words from us.
Yes, that's a small part.
Yes.
Who doesn't take that, please?
The farmie just, the these days, they do?
No, one day with the green fighting, I understand.
He did one with the green fighting?
Yes, sir.
And these days, they did that.
Yes, I think that was probably actually a six-day fight.
And the last part of that fight,
he just considered it as a substance, a pill up here,
a fascist, and that's right.
No, sir.
Not actually.
But I think the annual report, as I outlined,
when I testified the last time, certain sections of product
were essentially written by him before they were miniagrept.
However, as this, the product of all of the farm,
that he was all of the sellable use about,
no, sir, as the product of a very small part,
although the rest of the main product, sir,
is in the actual three-interim reports and styles.
The world of that, sir.
I could write both from Mr. Walsh,
and I think I filed a set with some committee.
Mr. Walsh, you live with you one day in the evening.
Yes, sir.
I'm really, really sure that this is a little too much.
I have what I can find in the building, sir.
What I'm trying to do there.
That's what I'm asking.
I'm trying to find out some of that,
and then try to get so we'll see if there is a product of his role.
Yes, sir.
Did you take the report that was filed in the file?
A substantial part of it was written in the day.
Sir, the center of right point, the last time I testified,
a substantial part of it was written by him in this way.
It was not dictated to a sonargo for he wrote out in one key.
Where is Muth?
Sir, where is Muth?
We didn't keep it. We didn't keep mine.
I see you kept yours here.
No, sir, I didn't actually close.
Who's the new one?
That is a part of an outline.
Otherwise, we likewise found some of his notes on that January 2nd draft.
But basically, sir, we did not keep any of the drafts of the report.
Why did he keep your notes and not keep theirs?
He's a consultant now.
You don't have to answer now, do you?
The pure option is that we kept any of these.
You're an accountant.
Yes, sir.
May be.
So you asked me how.
Now, if you got anything else in the file, let's give him all the gears.
Go to the show, the justification for all of these fees to get him off,
so that's the committee.
Sir, is there anything else you can offer?
Sir, we're not that many.
Please, an arrangement was made, and he wrote,
well, whatever, there were.
You know, already tested for that two years,
it's time to do all of the files of them.
He wrote the financial part of the report, sir, and as I said,
we did not keep drafts of the report.
You wrote them in long years, and you didn't say you were here with somebody else.
Well, don't have it to show it.
No, what happened to this, sir?
He wrote the good part of it as long as over a weekend.
I frequently would just work all of it as long as we're sometimes
I retighted and might type out of a home.
Hello, I have a fountain.
Let all of the proof mail ask off on it.
I mean, sir, is that all of the proof?
Yes, I have all the proofs on the reports that you have there.
Plus, the file which I outlined.
That's what you're stating.
No, sir, I believe that they will stay with us,
and some information from confidential informants,
which is just way too many counsels, but not often.
Hello, I want to have a question, Mr. Pohn,
say that on the phone, if this is all you want to say about the first file.
You know, I didn't think you had to want to add for it,
I didn't want to talk about it.
Now, anything else you need?
You told all you want to about it?
Yes.
Just one of the stuff, you know, thank this in fairness to you,
and other for us, Robbys.
It was best of five years that I believe in this, rather than...
Well, Mr. Susan, I don't want to miss a bit either,
but I'm sure one of them.
Something about you having the capacity to control this committee.
You have a comment on that.
The income can, that you have, it's a capacity.
Are the inflores to control this committee?
So I haven't come in for that, because I think the state in itself is too ridiculous,
because there are any comments.
You think that's ridiculous, that you make choices, right, Mr. Pohn?
When you acknowledge you do not have a capacity to decide,
so it means no sense.
All right, that includes me now.
I will move a committee back in those days.
You want an honest answer, and I'll do well.
I want to get... I didn't want any implication here.
There.
That's some of us will be in the unfold.
Sir, I thank you so much, Robbys.
Yes, sir. You are now in the committee.
If you were, I'm sure I could have had no capacity whatsoever.
I will not try.
I'll call.
And the sender is my radio and the question is Mr. Pohn.
And the sender is from my left.
There are any questions that you can't.
I'll take them.
Say them one.
Well, I mean, if you have this time,
we'll go back to the concord with Mr. Pohn.
If you have a question, I will not.
I use the title here.
Very well.
Send them a copy.
You have any questions, Mr. Pohn?
No, I just did a comment about it.
I'm sorry, Mr. Pohn.
I'm sorry.
I think the meeting has been hosting the senders.
Concentrate with me at the last.
So, yeah, I do.
I believe that's the all-way practice and show.
I would like to have some of the chair that's not asking the death
might be useful.
I would like to have a comment.
I would like to ask, thank you.
Thank you, sir.
You're the practice.
Yes, now finished.
The practice is about the examination.
All the centers that have been available
are available to the public.
I'm sorry, Mr. Pohn.
I don't know if you're going to have any questions.
I don't know if Mr. Pohn, you have any thing you yourself would
get an ad here at testimony.
So, I think this is a plan to...
Yes, sir.
I know the all-way practice.
There is one thing I wanted.
There is one short statement I did want to make.
And I told that to send it a month this morning and ask his commission to do it.
And I'd like to do it now.
I'm going to make it very content with that.
You can do it.
Right?
Yes, sir.
I'll make it the same.
I hope I'll be under the same minute, though.
Mr. Chairman, some things have been said yesterday afternoon.
And at other times, during these hearings, about the staff of the Stutt Committee and about the conditions of its files.
I don't know much about the conditions of its file, right?
Have never gone through the files.
But I know a lot about the staff.
Most of the people on the staff perform it up behind, man.
Well-trained.
No matter where they came from, I do know this.
They have all in their very small group.
Done a job which is this outstanding.
Based on those, I think, the most active year in the history of the Stutt Committee.
There have been 95 days of executive hearings.
There have been 331 witnesses examined in executive hearings.
75 days of public sessions.
215 witnesses examined in public sessions.
I have here, sir, and I might later ask permission to file out the Stutt Committee.
A rather, what I think is a rather impressive look of comments who have been exposed and thrust out of government,
out of the government printing office, out of the army, out of schools, out of colleges, and out of defense industries.
Due to the work of this handful of men down on the spread.
The last word I want to say about them is that they have worked day and night and weekend Saturday Sunday, Sunday nights.
Without any overtime, without any enforcement.
For one reason, because they believe in a cause.
The cause is the protection against this nature of this nation, against communist infiltration, which is brought about the downfall of so many other countries throughout the world.
And the concluding part of what I want to say before I leave the stand is about two people.
The pool might have been closely associated in this cause during the last year.
And those people are Frank Cox and Senator Joe McFarland.
As far as Frank Cox concerned, his record has been well stated here.
He came to this committee.
The might be for he came. He was the head, the supervisor of over 200 of the top FBI agents in this country.
He produced, with them, the evidence which put in jail.
The first string and the second string leaders of the communist conspiracy in this nation.
He has been made to sit here for some two months now on the basis of completely unspantic and unsubstantiated charges against him.
And my final word, sir, and one which I must make before I leave the stand, is about a man who, to me, is a great American.
And that is Senator Joe McFarland.
I did not know Senator McFarland before I came with this committee.
I live a different religion. I am a different political part of it.
From both him and Mr. Cox.
In the year, we have worked together.
There has never been any distinction because of religion, political affiliations, or anything else.
I have never known a man who has less unkindness, less lack of charge.
In his heart and soul, then Senator McFarland, and I have never known a man who has been loyal and devoted.
That is, there and to everybody associated with him in this course, Senator McFarland.
I have seen him sit here for over two months now, virtually as a defendant.
I have seen him wait in the Senate for all the unity.
I have seen him examine and close the family.
On the witness stand.
I have seen him work day and night.
On other things, all of that time.
And I have seen the businessman, that he is right.
To those near and dear to him and to those near and dear to Mr. Cox.
I think they have been badly treated and having to sit here.
When their only crime has been that of doing their levels back to protect this nation against the menace of communist infiltration.
I think that they have been fairly treated in sitting here.
But I think that they reward, comes in what I know as the gratitude of the American people, the two men who have given so much.
They keep this nation safe against communist infiltration.
Thank you, I was.
Senator McFarland, I just want to ask you one question about your health fee.
That's all right.
And I want to ask you one question in your face.
When you say somebody thinned most fee, if you don't win by this committee.
No, the committee is not responsible for these charges and counter-charges.
I do not have any ideas that are in the world.
I do not have any ideas, I mean by members of this committee and their questions are in anything else.
I mean in sitting here on two days before the whole thing started.
The man who brought the charges there, they are closely exaggerated and there is nothing to them.
That's what I have to take you to the world.
Mr. Alchemy, is there any questions?
Send a direction or send a sign with an intervention?
Then it's voice-like any questions?
I'll be ahead and you have a question to chair.
Mr. Witness, we'll start in the morning.
Mr. Jones, the car is here. Understand that.
Kind of.
So, concluded the 34th day of the games, looking into the dispute between Senator McFarland and the high officials of the Army.
Mr. Francis Sire, completed his protest in any.
A latest afternoon, Roy Cohn took over the position as witness.
I'm beginning now at Donald Trump.
Senator McFarland will be in the witness chair.
At Donald Trump, Eastern Goat, I've timed.
Now, no, no.
Do not television networks, department of views, and public affairs.
The Residents' coverage of the Senate, permanent subcommittee on investigations, games, and ration from DC.